Although choosing a domain name and installing Wordpress is not the focus of this course I'm going to
include the short section describing just how to do that.
I normally buy domain names from Go Daddy and you can also host your account there.
Go daddy uses user interface for their hosting service called C panel and this is what we're going to
use to install our basic WordPress site.
This is the C panel interface provided by my hosting provider.
The user interface facilitates several functions from a file accessed to e-mail account access and creation
and also the installation of content management systems CMOS such as Wordpress.
If you are familiar with the basics you can skip this video and pass on to the next scrolling down.
We can see that the Wordpress environment can be installed using software on the C panel called Software
Kilis simply click on WP and on the next screen click install.
Now
there are a few settings that need our attention.
Assuming you don't yet have an SSL certificate installed choose h TTP
the system automatically creates and decides the Wordpress installation files to a directory called
WP for this demonstration.
I'm using a temporary directory called WP one but this space should be left blank.
To install the setup files into the root of your domain
name the site and also add a short description
pay particular attention setting your username and your password.
The password should be very strong.
I recommend using nonsensical words mixed with special characters and numbers.
Into an email field notifications and scroll down
ignore the plug in the section as will be adding plug ins for security later on.
Now click install
installation takes three to four minutes.
When it's finished click the administration link provided an empty your Wordpress dashboard.
First of all remove example posts and pages that have already been installed by the system as a guideline.
Install a theme that you like.
This one is active Velho bicolor lib which is free.
Install the theme activate and we're ready to move all
click customize to check your theme settings.
This is where you can choose which side you prefer your side bar and how your post exits will appear
on your home page.
Content options should be left at the default settings and the slider turned off image sliders and carousels
seemed to be popular at the moment but they do nothing for the site.
Oh they just serve to push your main content further on down the page.